Update releases.md docs for update version workflow (#1571)
codex-team/editor.js: docs/releases.md

workflow will check if a package version was updated. If there is no update then it will open a new PR with a next
prerelease version.

### How it works

> Bump version command to be run in workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command for bumping a version will be running in a workflow.
```
